To use an Image tag in html, we use the "src" tag to do so.

alt - full form is alternative text.
      1) if in case, a pic does not load due to any browser issue or url issue, the alternate text is displayed in place of the 
      image.
      2) There are many types of image extensions you can use.

You can also set the height and width of the pic, while declaring src and alt.

If some different height and width ratios are given, the image can become distorted.
If you are setting only one of them out of these both, the other one gets set, automatically.

We also don't write anything after specifying the number like "%" or "px", cause in HTML, it is by default considered as pixels.

There are 2 things in tables :
1) Rowspan - This will merge the amount of rows that you need as a single row.
2) Colspan - This will merge the amount of columnds taht you need as a single column.

You can also add "Captions" in html, using captions tag.
It is written just after the table tag (and inside it).

You can also use header and footer tags in html - "theader" and "tfooter".
These 2 tags are used to represent the header section and footer section of the table respectively.

There are 3 types of list that we can create :
1) ul - unordered list : when you want your list to be in a random order, and it follows discs showcase, while representing \
        numbers.
2) ol - ordered list : when you want your list to be in an order. It can follow, roman numerals, numbers, etc.
3) dl - definition list : when you want your data to be able to describe itself after suggesting the main title.
        we write "<dd> ... </dd>" to write data, about data.

You can change the type of the way of how the list items are being showcased to us in an UNORDERED LIST, using the 
"type=?" attribute.
There are 3 ways in which you can do that - discs (default), circle, square.

For changing this in an ORDERED LIST, we follow :
1) UPPERCASE Roman Numerals : type="I"
2) lowercase Roman Numerals : type="i"
3) Arabic Numerals : type="1"
4) lowercase Alphabetical Letters : type="a"
5) UPPERCASE Alphabetical Letters : type="A"