Forms are simple ui where we store and send data.

It requires us to select 2 actions ->
1) GET : If we want to hit the server with 1 data, we use GET. We never send password from this request.
2) POST : If we are sending multiple requests to a server, we use POST. We send passwords from this request.

HTTP POST requests supply additional data from the client (browser) to the server in the message body. 
In contrast, GET requests include all required data in the URL.


We use input tags to put data inside forms. Now, what does this input tag contains ?
It contains :
1) data
2) name
3) phone number
4) age

and label tags.

Now what is a LABEL TAG ?
A label tag is used to provide additional information, for a form element, whether it is a placeholder, text box, submit button, 
etc.

If you want to start with a form type, there are certain steps: 
1) label tag : 
   you can begin this by stating "for".
   eg., 
        <label for="(id-name)">"Label name here"</label>
   
2) input tag :
   then, you can begin by stating the input tag 
        <input type="radio" id=(label-name) name="" value="">

Since in the index.html, the example we have taken is of selecting one of the radio buttons of Male or Female, we can 
do so by setting the 'name="gender"', in both of them. That way, we can only select only one of them.

If we change the for attribute in label tag of one radio button by not keeping its value equal to the value of the id 
attribute of the input tag *and* let the for attribute of label tag of other attribute be same as that of the id attribute 
of the same input tag, the tag that has not been put equal to the id attribute will not be able to be clicked directly.

The area in textarea content should be kept empty as we only have to input values there when we need to, not all the time do 
we need to keep adding more values there in the textarea and that too beforehand.

Autofocus is another attribute that you can use for showing the place of cursor inside the placeholder, as and when you are 
entering values in it.