There are many units by using which you can, set the dimensions of the CSS element that you are adding to your website.

1) Pixels (px):
Pixels is 1/96th of an inch (0.26 mm).
So if you give the full pixel length of your native resolution, it will cover the full screen resolution.
Eg- my device's resolution is 1366x768.
Hence, I will set the width of my screen to that and it will show correctly when I will view the content of that element.

If we give more than what our resolution is, then scroll bar will appear, indicating that you have to navigate your screen 
to view more of the content ahead. And that, at times, is not required because it makes the website look bad.

So, there might be times when we have to use a more, better, responsive unit.

2) Viewport Width (vw):
The width of the element will be equal to the viewport of the device, horizontally.
So we just give it, width: 100vw;

Here is the reference link to understand the styling difference between both the paragraphs, under div element :
https://www.w3schools.com/cssref/sel_nth-of-type.php

Remember :
You cannot set the width for inline elements. You can only do that for block level elements.

3) margin : auto
This element is used to set the CSS element within the website, in an equal portion from all sides.
If for eg, we are providing like "margin: 23 px auto;", it will set the margin from top and bottom and will set it to middle
because of 'auto'.

4) Viewport Height (vh):
The height of the element will be equal to the viewport of the device, vertically.
So we just give it, 'height: 80vw;'.

5) Emphasized Text (em) :
The Emphasized Text is equal to the current font-size, for instance, if the font-size of the document is 12pt, 1em is equal to 
12pt. Ems are scalable in nature, so 2em would equal 24pt, . 5em would equal 6pt, etc.

6) Root Emphasized Text (rem) :
The Root Emphasized Text is used to set the size of the font equal to what the root element size was.
For eg, if html {font-size: 8px}; , then we can set the p{font-size : 2rem};. This will now set the paragraph font size to 16px.

7) Vmin and Vmax :
When you the view the contents of the file from your laptop and mobile, you see the elements in the website very differently from 
both of them.
If you view the website from your laptop, the element in width is bigger than height. But in phones, this is vice versa.
So in phone, our Vmin is width. But in laptop, our Vmin is height.

Eg- 100 Vmin
This means that 100th of whatever height or widhth is minimum.

So in case I have my laptop, and I am providing "width: 100vmin;", so in my case, my Vmin is height (of my laptop).
Therefore, it will apply 100th of height on that element, which is equivalent to 100vh.

These are not in much use, but we need to know about these.
Here is the reference link for that: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/Values_and_units

Then we have 2 more such elements which are very useful :

8) min-width and min-height: 
These are used to allot at least a minimum amount of width or height to your CSS elements.
It doesn't matter how much content is there, but at least you will have a minimum bar set.

