The src tag is used to determine the path from where the original content is being upload.
Remember that this tag can be used for telling the path not just of a file which is there in our laptop or device, but also to
a file kept in an Amazon server. So it is not restricted to just use it for a file (video in this case), kept in our device.

V. Imp :
Poster tag acts like a thumbnail to your video which can be showcased to a user before a video is even played. Very good :)

There are many attributes like :
1) src : specifies the path to the video file
2) controls : adds video controls, like play, pause and volume
3) autoplay : automatically starts playing the video when the page loads
4) loop : repeats the video, once it has ended
5) muted : mutes the video by default
6) poster : used to set the thumbnail of the video
7) width and height : used to specify the dimensions of the video

The audio files will only be visible after we have added controls attribute to it, because without it, we won't have the basic
functionality to run our audio properly.

There are many attributes like :
1) src : specifies the path to the video file
2) controls : adds video controls, like play, pause and volume
3) autoplay : automatically starts playing the video when the page loads
4) loop : repeats the video, once it has ended
5) muted : mutes the video by default
6) preload : preload values have different values -
            a) none : the default value. It indicates that the browser should not preload the audio file at all. The audio file 
               will only start downloading when the user initiates playback.
            b) metadata : This value tells the browser to preload only the metadata of the audio file, such as its duration
               and basic information about the audio. This can be useful if you want to display the audio duration to the user 
               without fully loading the audio data.
            c) auto : This value instructs the browser to preload the entire aduio file as much as possible without delaying the
               loading of other important page content. The browser will try to load the audio file in the background so that
               it's ready to play when the user decides to start it.

            to understand preload in more depth, go to the link : https://www.thecodehelp.in/course/web-development-bootcamp
            and inspect it.


SVG is used to create high graphics, vector images in HTML.
Here, it is rarely used for any functionality, but it is told just in case, it might be of use one day.
Eg is explained in the HTML file only.


iframe is yet another component which you can use to link another website into your own html page.
The frameborder attribute specifies whether or not to display a border around an <iframe>. 
Tip: It may be better to not specify a frameborder, and use CSS to apply borders instead.