We can do many things with FONTS in HTML.

Font-Family :
This is used to change the font stlying of the text that you are writing.

You can give more than 1 font-styling. This is done in cases when the first font style does not run properly, or is not 
fully compatible at the user's end. Just write them with all of them, separated by comma.

We also have to include 1 generic font style so that it runs on all the system. One such example of that font is "Times New
Roman".

Font-Style:
It is set to italic, oblique.

Font-Weight:
It is set to make our texts bold.

Text-Decoration:
To make our text, underline, overline, etc.

Here is the reference link : https://codepen.io/web-dot-dev/pen/yLojraG

You can put take your fonts from Google Fonts, in 2 ways :
1) One you can select it as link.
Through that, you just have to copy and paste the link given under it, to the HTML head tag.
One done, copy and paste the css file also.
2) The second way is to use import the style tag code and then paste the css code in the stylesheet.

In this way you can include many font import or links at the same time.

Font-Size :
By using font-size, you can set up the size of your font that you are adding in your HTML page.

Line Height :
Line Height is something that adds space between the content of 2 lines, written top and bottom of each other.
Eg- Check out the article tag for example.
Similarly, 
Letter Spacing :
It is used to add spaces in between each letter. For eg, the space between the two words - "s s", is of 1 space.
For reference: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/letter-spacing

Text-Transform :
It is used to change the way in which the heading (mostly, headings) are represented to us.
We can make it UPPERCASE, lowercase, Capitalize, etc.

Text-Decoration :
The way in which we underline, overline, etc. do things like these over a text.
We can also perform various properties over the text-decoration elements.
Follow the eg, shown in CSS.

Text-Decoration Style :
It is made to change the behavior of the Text-Decoration elements further down the road.

Text Decoration Thickness :
It is used to tell about the thickness of the element that we are going to use.

Text-Indent :
Text indent is used to add spaces horizontally, from the left, in the text.

Text-Overflow :
We saw how text-overflow was used through the example where we got to know about how if certain element, can be made visible
to the users, who are viewing it.
Also, we saw how we made the content hidden inside it by using 'text-overflow:ellipsis' and 'overflow:hidden'.
We can make it visible till it's edge space, by using 'text-overflow:clip' and 'overflow:hidden'.

